How do you ensure that boring work gets done? Okay, one, It's back to
the old phrase. Expect what you inspect. So if work gets done, Shit
shot. Who is signing off on that work is a famous story about by several
Captain McCoy. I sat with toys and a bunch of city engineers out
too prepared USS San Antonio. San Antonio is it is figure ship on
Burger Stern Gate got stuck in Operate on the main missions with your
ship is what? Well, ops. You have to have a working Thursday. Everyone
was worried. Probably a little coin. Nazi Nazi engineers got a
plan. They fixed it. Okay, Have a question for you. Uh, who signed off
on that ship? Who accepted that? Show us names. Oh, yeah. Oh, that
c. I'm thinking he didn't send the same engineers out fixing that
signed off on. So no way to know what you need to get. You have to understand